now you took the unusual step of
recording your own entrance song now
this is the song that you enter the ring
I'm gonna love that song and I've been
driving her more and crazy around the
office because I play it over and over
and over again I sang it on the show I
know you uh you saw when I sang it on
the show
is it possible that I would be asked to
sing this song in the ring while you
come into the ring I will be in the ring
singing your song okay in the ring
you're gonna sing the song I would like
to you know the song I know the song I
will sing you want to sing a little bit
of a cleaner
Anagha noosa are king easy bar I'll kick
Ilana who's come on Yolanda my mom come
on pata Yong hak IOE
parking gun
ah-ha-ah-ha
messiah Navarro
no mama
my
look at this imagine this now there is
now look at who is there we think about
Justin Bieber imagine me imagine me
right there I got the hat on I got the
sunglasses on just like Justin Bieber
I'm right
what everything I would love to be a
part of your entourage
I really would will you consider this I
will can I be would you like to have me
in the ring with you I'll sing I'll walk
beside you I'll do whatever I have to
Don off right Justin Bieber I don't care
what has to happen
hi i'm jimmy kimmel thanks for watching
it means a lot to me and if you'd like
to take our relationship to the next
level click the subscribe button below
I'll wait for you